This position... This timing...
This angle!
It's perfection!
Wow, you really did do it.
I can't be as accurate as Tobio-kun...
But who doesn't wanna copy
cool things when they can?
Man! You guys can trust each other
so much because you're twins!
It must be nice being brothers!
Trust...
It's not like I actually trust Tsumu.
He never listens to me.
Osamu, what the hell?!
Why didn't you wake me up?!
I did. And I told you I was going
early because I'm on class duty.
He never returns things he borrows.
That's my jacket.
Can I borrow it?
You can ask that once you
return the damn thing first.
I didn't eat it!
Seriously?
And he lies.
Inarizaki High School
But who needs trust anyway?
I mean, I know the ball's comin'.
Haikyu!!
Episode 15: Found
Daichi-san!
Asahi-san!
Look at that speed! They're basically on
par with the Karasuno's first-year duo!
Nice kill, Osamu!
You really creep me out.
Aw, flattery will get you nowhere!
Inarizaki                                                              Karasuno
Got it!
Sorry! Cover!
It seems that Tobio-kun tends
to go for a quick attack even
more when the receives are messy.
And considering we just pulled off a
quick ourselves, he's probably gonna go for...
Shoyo-kun!
Shut down! Inarizaki just shut
down Karasuno's main attack!
It's almost like he blocked knowing for
sure that the ball would go to Hinata-kun.
Hinata, Kageyama, calm down.
Don't get so worked up.
I'm my normal self.
Oh, really?
Inarizaki                                          Karasuno
The Miya Twins are unstoppable!
They are truly the ultimate challengers!
Their #10 is small, but is an excellent scorer.
But it must be depressing when someone else
can use your unique attack so easily.
You think so?
I doubt he got much attention
without Kageyama prior to this.
But it's not like he's going to keep
playing with Kageyama as his setter forever.
Basically, what that quick
shows him is that there are
other setters like Atsumu
who can get him the ball.
I think it's welcome news for him
that it's not exactly unique.
Not to mention...
I wouldn't call that
face "depressed," would you?
Sorry! Cover!
Looks like your unpredictability
is gettin' predictable...
Tobio-kun!
Out!
That ball was touched by the blockers!
That's a point for Karasuno!
Korai-kun, that was...
He definitely saw that.
Yeah!
I'm my normal self.
He wasn't even trying to act tough.
He's just trying to set the ball
the best way he knows how.
He's fully aware that what happens
afterward is not always in his hands.
The old Kageyama would've probably
tried to do everything on his own.
Front, front!
Gin!
Got it!
This time it was Karasuno that stopped them!
First-year Tsukishima Kei
stopped the Miya Twins!
We did it!
The weirdo quick's biggest enemy is
when the blockers get used to it.
As for examples of weirdo
quick attack killers...
I'd say either Aone from
Date Tech or Inuoka from Nekoma,
who've stopped Hinata plenty of times.
Nice, Tsukishima!
Or someone who's seen the weirdo quick
many times on a daily basis,
and probably hates it.
Like Tsukishima.
I've always wanted to stop one of those.
Wha?
One touch!
This is the first time I've heard of Karasuno,
but they've got quite the lineup.
That quick is insane, that samurai dude
is strong, and their libero's really good.
Left!
What about their #5? The bald kid.
He's energetic, I guess?
What the hell, man?
Hell yeah!
Yup. Energetic.
Inarizaki                                                              Karasuno
And Inarizaki High School
immediately calls for a time out.
They're physically cutting off the streak.
Great job out there, Tsukishima!
Karasuno
I was able to stop that last one
because it was easy to read,
but that quick's still going
to be plenty of trouble.
Ayup.
Hinata.
Yes?
I'm leaving one of the twins to you.
I need you to be like Inuoka.
Karasuno Taiko
Fly
No sighing!
Daichi-san!
Damn you all, with your powerful serves...
Ooh, Tsukki's gonna take flight!
Come up here...
and get it!
You little...
This is definitely higher than
the ones from Shiratorizawa!
Tsukishima Kei is definitely shining
on both offense and defense!
Nice, nice, Kei! Push it, push it, Kei!
One more time!
That one sure was high.
Come on, guys. At least high five, or something.
Tsukishima's got the, "That went well,
but I'd rather die than admit it," face.
And Kageyama's is, "He's glaring at me,
so I'm glaring right back," face.
How can you even tell, Ennoshita?
It hasn't been that long since
the Youth Training Camp.
What the hell happened to
Tobio-kun since then?
Inarizaki                                                                          Karasuno
All right... Let's do this!
Haikyu!!
I swear, this never gets easier.
Nice serve.
Not to mention we're up against people
I've seen on TV and in magazines!
Hey, Kinoshita Hisashi, age 16.
The current Inarizaki receivers
are Ginjima Hitoshi, age 17,
Miya Osamu, age 16,
and Akagi Michinari, age 18!
That's all!
So we're not up against college guys,
adults, or aliens.
Nice serve!
I'm leaving one of the twins to you.
I need you to be like Inuoka just this once.
Hinata is gonna stay on Miya Osamu.
So for any attacks from the left or center,
I need you guys to block with
two blockers, no matter what.
Got it!
With an approach, Hinata's point of
impact is one of the best on the team,
and he's got quick reflexes.
He'll do fine.
Sounds like something a somewhat
bright animal could pull off.
Are you jealous that I got assigned
a big role, Tsukishima-kun?
Sure...
Come on, Tsukishima.
Don't get lazy with the retorts.
We've got this!
Hinata's commit blocking Miya Osamu?!
It hit my hands!
And he did it!
The little guy at 164 cm
blocked the 183 cm spiker!
Inarizaki                                                                         Karasuno
Karasuno High School has tied
the score for the first time!
D-D-D-Did... Did you see that,
K-K-Kageyama-kun?!
You just got lucky. You're more
surprised than anyone else here.
That kid's springy as hell.
He just suddenly showed up
in front of me outta nowhere.
I definitely wasn't expecting a commit block.
Neither was I.
Hinata-kun did it.
Yeah.
But that was basically like a surprise attack.
You're gonna have to keep at it.
Got it!
He's not going to take that lying down.
Atsumu-kun just did the
same attack twice in a row.
Nice serve! Nice serve!
I couldn't force their setter
to make a dig, though.
I could've aimed that one a lot better!
Free ball!
The ball's right above the net!
We're not up against college guys,
adults, or aliens.
But I know...
They're a different kind of high schooler.
They're high school kids who've worked harder
than me and have way more experience.
I don't stand a chance.
But they do!
Our weirdo first-years definitely do!
That kid sure is springy!
But... that's basically all he's got.
Inarizaki managed to push
it onto the other side!
Huh. Guess you're not as
tough as I thought you were.
What can he do?
They have a lot more experience.
That last joust ended up how it did,
but it's probably really stressful being
beaten in one-on-one blocking like that.
Especially because he managed to
get that first block by luck.
Inarizaki is learning how to
deal with the weirdo quick.
So let's go ahead and try "Lost in a Crowd."
Got it! All according to plan!
Did you actually forget?
It was in your mind at first, but ever
since you saw the twins' quick attack,
you started thinking about
how yours is faster.
Is that it?
Don't get so worked up! That's the
second time I've told you that today!
Yes, sir.
That goes for spikes and blocks.
One more time!
Nice receive!
One touch!
Sorry, it's close to the net!
Damn it. I put too much strength into that one.
Wake up, Samu!
I am awake!
Stop lying!
Goin' in there like, "I'm just gonna be
the decoy." I see right through you!
Shut up. If I jumped for every ball,
I wouldn't make it to the end of the game.
If you'd hit the ball, you'd get it over,
so hit the damn ball!
Or what, are you scared
of that tiny little blocker?
Like hell I'm scared!
Really?!
Y-Yeah...
So he's not scared...
I guess a scary blocker would be more like...
Aone-san. But Date Tech also comes at you
with at least two and looms over you.
One-on-one...
Who was the most annoying blocker
when I went one-on-one with them...
Who is it?
An annoying blocker... Who was it?
Annoying...  Who the heck was it?
Don't slack, don't slack, don't slack!
I know!
One-on-one... The blocker
I hated the most was—
You're not going to try a cross shot, are you?
You can't, can you?
Yeah!
He made me hit a line shot?!
Their #10's not coming?
Get lost in the crowd...
Synchronized attack!
All right!
Yeah!
Fly
Karasuno with another break point!
They're tied up yet again!
Shoyo, was that on purpose?
Yup. I really hated that guy's blocking.
Huh?
Don't get sick now.
Well, whatever. Good job!
Thanks!
You're not the one who scored, though.
I am no longer just all about offense—
Hey, listen!
Damn it, Kageyama!
Man, I'm getting hungry.
Huh?
Inarizaki                                          Karasuno
Karasuno's doing way better
than I thought they would.
This game essentially looks like the
newcomers challenging the better veteran team,
but it's actually Inarizaki that's
trying to deal with Karasuno.
At least for now.
Ukai-sensei's grandson understands that, too.
He's keeping their balance
by using surprise attacks,
but once they stop, they'll be overwhelmed.
Miyagi
Karasuno
The real battle might be when they
finally use up all their surprises.
Hyogo
Inarizaki
I wonder if they have a strategy
where their #10 doesn't jump out,
or was that just random?
There was something similar toward the
end of the Shiratorizawa match, too.
Seriously, how many times
do I need to say this?
If you get distracted by their #10,
you're falling right for their trap.
There's a time to be adaptable,
and a time to stand your ground.
Don't forget the difference.
Read blocking starts to shine
in the latter half of the game.
Right!
Damn!
Aran!
Three blockers!
Yes!
Damn...
Did that just go above our triple block?
You can hit like that any time, Asahi-san!
Yeah, no... I'm not getting
over them like that.
Inarizaki                                                              Karasuno
Nice serve!
Cut him off... Cut him off!
Damn it!
What a monstrous serve!
Getting the ball into the
air was all they could do.
Left!
Asahi-san!
That was actually okay!
I actually pulled off an okay emergency set!
Yeah, that was just luck.
Three blockers!
Damn it!
What the hell?!
Yes!
Yeah, sorry about that.
They got this far and they're
still trying new things?
Those damn crows.
Inarizaki                                                                          Karasuno
I finally get to play the back line for once!
All right!
Yes! Yeah!
Hinata's even more hyped about
serving than he usually is.
Yes! Yeah!
Even though his serves suck.
I think he's more excited about
playing defense than serving.
Yes! Yeah!
Oh, and Yamaguchi's serving.
All right, you know what to do.
Make sure you score ten points!
Why are you all teary-eyed?
Go... You've got this.
I can't really describe it,
but I think we've got this!
Do everything one step at
a time, just like always.
The way I walk...
The way I touch the ball...
My target is their ace.
The goal is to get them to drop to one knee.
I need to reset, just like I did
in the Tsubakihara match.
Wait...
Onita Girls' Academy
I could see it during warmups.
Calm down. Just find something else.
Concentrate... You did just fine yesterday.
Reset... I need to reset...
Tadashi!
Shimada Mart
All right!
Service ace!
Shimada Mart
Oh, sorry about that.
Karasuno takes the lead!
Hell yeah!
Oh, man...
One more time!
Episode 16: Broken Heart
Next time, "Broken Heart."